Overview topics for styling, components, patterns (#372)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/patterns/patterns-overview.md

_keywords: Design Systems, Design Systems UX, UI kit, Sketch, Ignite UI for Angular, Sketch to Angular, Sketch to Angular, Angular, Angular Design System, Export code from Sketch, Design Kits for Angular, Sketch HTML, Sketch to HTML, Sketch UI kits
---

# Patterns Overview

The **Indigo.Design System** boosts your productivity with 180+ UI Patterns assembled from Indigo.Design Components. They are enhanced with the same responsive web design behavior and theming capabilities and can be found spread across the following pages of the library:

- 🌆 AV Player
- 🌆 Avatar + Badge
- 🌆 Cards
- 🌆 Chat
- 🌆 Data Visualizations
- 🌆 Details
- 🌆 Dialogs
- 🌆 Empty States
- 🌆 File Upload
- 🌆 Footer
- 🌆 Form
- 🌆 Grids
- 🌆 Lists
- 🌆 Menus
- 🌆 Onboarding
- 🌆 Pricing Table
- 🌆 Scheduling
- 🌆 Social Feed
- 🌆 Tiles
- 🌆 User Profile

Unlike a Component, every Pattern can be detached to show as a group, preserving the look and feel you have defined before that. Below is a snippet of some of the [list patterns](lists.md) such as a contacts list, searchable and filterable lists, and list empty states when no matching results are found.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/patterns_overview.png" />

> We constantly improve our patterns and add new ones. To identify changes more easily from one release of the **Indigo.Design System** to the next, you will notice that we append a 🆕 emoji to the pages containing updates. You may also create your own Patterns from interface layouts that you use over and over again in your designs, extending our default set and giving your design productivity a further boost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We constantly improve our patterns by adding new ones. To identify changes more easily from one release of the **Indigo.Design System** to the next, you will notice that we append a 🆕 emoji to the pages containing updates. You may also create your own Patterns from interface layouts that you use over and over again in your designs, extending our default set and giving your design productivity a further boost.
```
